Update `How to resolve BSS issues` (#13921)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Guides/BSS_issues/en.md

  - beatmap submission system issues
---

::: Infobox

> ![Screenshot of the warning message](img/errormessage.png "The warning message as shown in the editor")

Reviewer: The info box looks *really* wacky when being at the very top of the page. See the [preview](https://osu1.roanh.dev/wiki/en/Guides/BSS_issues). Would suggest having it right after `How to resolve BSS issues`, but not before.

:::

# How to resolve BSS issues

> When submitting a beatmap, the **[Beatmap Submission System](/wiki/Beatmapping/Beatmap_submission)** (***BSS***) may occasionally prevent you from uploading your beatmap by warning that `This beatmap you're trying to submit isn't yours!`. This is  often caused by an incorrectly set parameter in the [.osu file](/wiki/Client/File_formats/osu_(file_format)) or a bugged submission cache, and can be resolved by following these steps:

Reviewer: Bit confused if this is an accurate statement given the name of the guide. There are multiple ways the upload can fail. The warning `This beatmap you're trying to submit isn't yours!` is but one of them. Therefore, having the guide be called `How to resolve BSS issues` in plural would then not be precise.

Considering this issue is quite common, we can have a section for it, which is what it is being done right below (although it's mixing different troubleshooting steps. May want to split those). Would just make it a little bit more clear, however. Having it in the intro would be misleading.

1. Go to the beatmap's folder.
   - You can get there easily by going to `File` and then `Open Song Folder` in the [beatmap editor](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor).
2. Exit osu!. This is to make sure that all the changes are going to be applied properly.
3. Open the `.osu` difficulty files with any plain text editor (e.g. Notepad).
4. Make sure that your username is already written correctly in the `Creator` field. If it isn't, update this field with your current username.
5. Set the `BeatmapID` field to `0`.
6. Set the `BeatmapSetID` field to `-1`.
7. Make sure that the beatmap's folder name does not begin with a string of numbers. If it does, rename this folder accordingly.
   - For example, `1000 - Song Name` should be renamed into e.g. `ABCDE - Song Name`.
8. Delete all the files in the `SubmissionCache` folder. This folder can be found in your osu! installation directory.
9. Open osu! again and try to upload your beatmap.

> You should be able to submit your beatmap by now. If you are still having issues by then, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should be able to submit your beatmap by now. However, if you are still having issues, try following these steps:
```

1. Export the beatmap from inside the beatmap editor by going to `File` and then `Export Package`.
2. Exit the beatmap editor and delete the beatmap in osu!.
3. Exit osu!.

> 4. Go to the exported beatmap and change its extension from `.osz` to `.zip`. You will need file extensions to be visible from the Windows folder options in order to do this.

Reviewer: *Technically* not needed. The file can directly be opened via a user's zip manager of choice (7Z, Winrar, etc...). Not sure if it's worth mentioning, but just as a heads-up that this may be a faster option.
